System.CommandLine docs update (#46594)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/commandline/parse-and-invoke.md

On top of that, you need to ensure that the <xref:System.CommandLine.Parsing.ParseResult.InvokeAsync%2A> method is used instead of <xref:System.CommandLine.Parsing.ParseResult.Invoke>. This method is asynchronous and returns a `Task<int>` exit code. It also accepts an optional <xref:System.Threading.CancellationToken> parameter that can be used to cancel the action.

The preceding code uses a `SetAction` overload that gets a [ParseResult](#parseresult) and a <xref:System.Threading.CancellationToken> rather than just `ParseResult`:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/handle-termination/csharp/Program.cs" id="asyncaction" :::

> #### Process Termination Timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Process termination timeout
```

<xref:System.CommandLine.CommandLineConfiguration.ProcessTerminationTimeout?displayProperty=nameWithType> enables signaling and handling of process termination (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd>, `SIGINT`, `SIGTERM`) via a <xref:System.Threading.CancellationToken> that is passed to every async action during invocation. It's enabled by default (2 seconds), but you can set it to `null` to disable it.

When enabled, if the action doesn't complete within the specified timeout, the process will be terminated. This is useful for handling the termination gracefully, for example, by saving the state before the process is terminated.

To test the sample code from previous paragraph, run the command with a URL that will take a moment to load, and before it finishes loading, press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd>. On macOS press <kbd>Command</kbd>+<kbd>Period(.)</kbd>. For example:

```dotnetcli
testapp --url https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/fundamentals/minimal-apis
```

```output
The operation was aborted
```

### Exit codes

> The exit code is an integer value returned by an action indicating its success or failure. By convention, an exit code of `0` signifies success, while any non-zero value indicates an error. It�s important to define meaningful exit codes in your application to communicate the status of command execution clearly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exit code is an integer value returned by an action indicating its success or failure. By convention, an exit code of `0` signifies success, while any non-zero value indicates an error. It's important to define meaningful exit codes in your application to communicate the status of command execution clearly.
```
